hey what's up guys I just got out of the
shower anyway we are continuing
yesterday's vlog where I was hanging out
in San Francisco with my friend Shannon
and so if you missed yesterday's vlog
there's a link in the description below
check that one out first otherwise enjoy
part 2 yeah we're in Ocean Beach now
we're gonna check it out check it out
check it out check it out look at the
windmill look at how beautiful this
looks like something from Life of Pi
it's so awesome
this is easily like the beaches I go on
like Hawaii's beaches never go like this
far out like the sand no no no no no no
no no no awesome check it out and a
bunch of graffiti this is like um in in
Britney Spears movie crossroads did you
see it and she's like I always wanted to
touch the Pacific Ocean you didn't watch
it Britney Spears movie it was playing
on the airplane when I was going to
Japan like seven times and as you what I
watched it each time and I like almost
memorized it she's not a girl not yet a
woman this is definitely like something
from like Life of Pi or The Tree of Life
so beautiful so beautiful
so awesome oh one of the games I used to
play under it was like the beach you
just you just stand near the waves and
then you jump over the waves whenever
they come and then everyone just jumps
over them and we used to say that all
the time until my friend jumped and then
she heard a plop and she's like oh and
we looked and it was her cellphone then
we don't play the game anymore
oh no the phone's come in
I don't even know what that is it looks
like slime boy stuff on his off Russia
I will name him squishy and he will be
my squishy do you know that's wrong
right at the comments if you did look
hopscotch I don't know no it's a dead
bird ill something ate it uh-oh so
beautiful that's what makes you
beautiful
oh oh oh check out this jellyfish get
that one in the sand do you see it you
see it right here
pvp's on high
yeah son
why are you writing Ryan you're covered
blog this is cheap advertising for my
vlog now guerilla marketing here you
guys you all have to do this when you go
to the beach you don't know how about
college
Wow and you went to an Ivy League school
did you thank you she's my marketing
manager here nice that furry one reminds
me of Obama's dog poor Chewbacca our
Chewbacca
this many dead things here Susie the
Tree of Life Life of Pi what is that is
that like an island or something that's
the island from James Bond yes too
squishy is here like it's like bubbling
over there half a sand dollar 50 cents
worth I found the second half of the
sand dollar
yeah it's so gross
I'm gonna attempt to take some awesome
epic pictures here
okay we're leaving The Epoch Beach
it's the sun's like edits like strongest
right now I'm gonna go to the hotpot
place next right yeah awesome
oh look there's a starship it's meant to
fly starships were meant to fly like
these are for bonfires with like hipster
arrows cut into it yeah
because regular bonfires would just be
too boring people swimming and waiting
have drowned here if you're drowning
call 9-1-1 Wow Wow
okay we're going to the all you can eat
hotpot place
oh look at this grandma's cocktails and
look at all the meat that we ordered my
first course first course
check it out stick all this air gonna
attack you these are two different brats
this is like pork broth and this is like
a herbal broth they both taste very good
though I'm doing full I have to eat
bastard we have our vegetables we ain't
like almost everything I get Shannon
putting everything in yeah you have a
whole nother plate we ordered more this
is our round two it's kind of a Wimpy
around to look at Shannon making her
sauce with the raw eggs Rocky style
I'm ready full I give up I give up throw
in my white towel white flag they're
slicing the meat here it's like a
spinning knife
I was saying in college that we had to
ie7 slice the meat in the restaurant for
that culinary course and so it was and
it was really scary because that that
blade is spinning
just slice and it's like even serve as a
to push really hard to get to slice and
you don't wanna slice up your hand it's
really dangerous and I guess it
scary but Shannon you never had to do
that right someone like me see their
slice of the meet up this place is so
large
baby food baby my sister's like last
time I said I have a few babies like
what are you gonna name it I can name it
Alexis check out all of this
condensation from the outside this is
ridiculous it's so hot in there hey okay
I'm going home now it's super late it's
so sleepy now for all the food got a
drive now an hour drive back home I hope
you guys have a lot of fun sightseeing
in San Francisco again that was I had a
really good time now I'm exhausted
I'm gonna head to bed now I'll see you
guys tomorrow good night and there it is
oh my gosh
isn't that amazing this reminds me of
something from Star Wars Naboo Queen
Amidala whoops oh my gosh you're gonna
just wait right here the gates